Last week. Emma and Ken
are getting married,
though she really likes Will.
If we were gonna rank
crush-worthy teachers
at this school,
you'd be number one
with a bullet.
Which Ken's kind of noticed,
which makes him
really not like Will.
The whole world
knows I'm just
a consolation prize to you.
How do you think
that makes me feel?
- Also, Terri says
she's pregnant.
- Wow.
But really she's faking,
and Mr. Schuester doesn't know.
This baby's the only reason
he's still here.
Will's busy getting the kids
ready for sectionals,
where they're up against
a school for the deaf.
I can't hear you. Talk into
this ear. Scarlet fever.
You're on!
- And a group of juvie girls.
- Aphasia, give Mr. Schuester
his wallet back.
But it turns out
both of them are really good.
It's like
cool epilepsy.
Sue kicked Quinn
out of the Cheerios
because she's pregnant.
I can't have
a pregnant girl
on my squad.
You're a disgrace.
That's not very nice,
but neither is Sue.
Those drinks are crap!
- And that's
what you missed on—
- ♪ Glee ♪
[School Bell Rings]
- Hey, guys.
Mind if I join you?
- Hmm.
- So, what's with all
the primping?
- Yearbook pictures.
This is the 50th edition
of the McKinley High School
Thunderclap.
I'm gonna drop 20 pounds
by Friday, look smokin' hot
for that photo...
and be down to a trim 210
for the wedding
a week Saturday.
Of course the, um—
the wedding was gonna
be in Hawaii,
but then they told me
I couldn't bring
my own fruit.
So—
But sectionals
is a week from Saturday.
Oh, man.
Looks like you won't be
able to make it, M&M.
I, um— I totally
forgot about sectionals.
I'm-I'm sorry.
I wanted to go...
for the kids.
We are not
rescheduling.
The V.F.W. hall
is booked till next June.
The only reason
this Saturday is available...
is 'cause it's the one-year
anniversary of that
grisly fish-fry shoot-out.
I got a monster discount.
We just got to be out of there
before the candlelight vigil.
I-I- I remember.
Oh, my gosh.
Sue? Did someone
finally punch you?
Edie. William. You.
Every year
when the photos for
the Thunderclap come around,
I always elect
to have a little work done.
This year I got myself
a bit of an eye lift.
And while they were in there,
I told them to go ahead
and yank out those tear ducts.
Wasn't using 'em.
You know, I got a storage unit
full of trophies and medallions.
But for the rest
of you educators,
these yearbook pictures
are really the only
concrete proof you have...
that anything you've done
in your sorry little lives has
made any difference whatsoever.
- [Slurping]
- My Cheerios
are so excited.
Got 'em on a yam diet.
Draws the water
out of the skin.
Well, I'm sure
my Glee kids are
gonna be excited too.
- Well, Glee kids
don't get a photo.
- What?
- Why is that?
- I just had a meeting with
Principal Figgins, Eleanor.
And what with all the vandalism
of the Glee Club photos
over the years,
I convinced him
that putting the Glee kids
in this year's Thunderclap...
was subjecting the little freaks
to more humiliation
and ridicule.
Hey, why can't you
just accept the fact...
that my kids
are gonna take
sectionals this year?
- That's not happening.
- And stop with
the pointless vendetta.
All right, this is
so not fair, Sue.
You know, I'm gonna talk
to Figgins about this.
Hey, good luck with that.
You know, you three
are boring me now.
I'm gonna go do something else.
[Groans]
- Where's Rachel?
- She's not here yet.
Perfect. Glee Club stands
on a delicate precipice.
We have all felt
the cold humiliation
of a Slushee in the face.
But as of right now,
our relative anonymity
as a club...
shields us from more
severe persecution-
swirlies,
patriotic wedgies.
What's a patriotic wedgie?
It's when they
hoist you up the flagpole
by your undies.
Strangely, it did
make me feel more American.
Based on my investigation,
I am of the opinion...
that a yearbook photo
would only fuel the flames
of anti-Glee Club terror.
I've done a little
library research.
Peter Geller—
Glee Club second tenor, 1998.
He can be seen here with both
a drawn-on Hitler mustache
and a rice paddy hat.
Shortly after the yearbook
came out, Mr. Geller had
a nervous breakdown.
He's now the homeless man
who sleeps in front
of the public library.
- Patches?
- Patches.
- He barks at my mom.
- [Kurt]
Exhibit "B."
Tawny Peterson.
Glee Club class of 2000.
Seen here in her photo
with a cartoon knife
stuck in her head...
in a macabre tableau
that in four years
would prove eerily prescient.
I think I speak for all of us
when I say...
that not having to pose
for a yearbook photo might
be a blessing in disguise.
I suggest not fighting
Figgins's ruling.
Oh, hey, guys.
Ah, looking
at old Thunderclaps?
- It's really unsettling.
- And totally unfair.
Hey, can I borrow
one of these?
You know what?
This year's Thunderclap is
gonna have a Glee Club photo...
with every one
of your smiling faces.
You have my word on it.
[Footsteps Departing]
Schue, I'm doing
the Glee Club a solid.
We're denying the opportunity
to other children
to further humiliate them.
No, no, no. Those kids get
up on stage all the time—
no matter what anyone thinks
of them- and they perform.
They don't let anyone
or anything get to them.
That's something
you should encourage.
Sue is wrong.
- Fine. I'll give them a photo.
- Thank you.
- For $1,000.
- What?
That's what it costs.
The yearbook is prime
advertising space, Schue.
Frederickson's Funeral Parlor
experienced a 1.3% increase
in revenue...
after their full-page ad
last year in the Thunderclap.
Okay, um-
What about a quarter page?
How much does that cost?
[Sighs]
$325.
That will buy you enough space
for a photo of two members
of the Glee Club,
right below the advertisement
for Uncle Sandro's
Chicken Inside of a Waffle.
- Figgins,
that's a lot of money.
- It's a compromise, Schue.
Now, I suggest you select
the good-looking cheerleader-
not the pregnant one-
and the quarterback
for the photo,
as their faces are less likely
to be scratched out
with safety pins.
Mr. Schuester,
I'm very sorry
to interrupt.
Principal Figgins, as you
very well may know, this is
my first year in Glee Club,
and I've just been informed
that New Directions has not
been afforded a yearbook photo.
As you might expect,
my two gay dads have
a very close relationship...
with our local branch
of the A.C.L.U.—
Beat you to the punch, Rachel.
It's all good.
We're in the yearbook.
Oh. Fantastic.
[Laughs]
Thank you so much.
[Thinking] Make fun
of me all you want, but school
pictures are everything to me.
They're great practice
for getting photographed
by the paparazzi.
Invasive as the press may be,
stars are dependent on them
for their fame,
and I feel
I must be prepared.
In order to do so,
I join every club
I possibly can.
I know you're thinking
that I'm just joining
all these clubs...
to give off the appearance
that I'm involved,
known to exist.
But Glee Club is different.
I really love Glee.
And I believe
in what we stand for.
We've come from behind-
dismissed and ridiculed
by everyone.
And we've made something
of ourselves— something
that I'm proud to be a part of,
something I want
to be remembered for.
[Laughing]
- [Laughing Continues]
- [Quinn Thinking]
I miss my Cheerios uniform.
It made me feel safe,
contained.
Even when I was
feeling left out,
at least I looked like
I was a part of something.
I want my kids to be able
to look back at these books
and see who I was—
make them proud.
Not the bastard one
I'm carrying now, of course.
The ones I'll have
when I'm married and ready.
I might not look like
the head cheerleader anymore,
but I'm still her
on the inside.
Hmm. I'm done
playing the victim.
When that cheerleading picture
is taken for the yearbook,
I'm gonna be in it
and back on the squad...
whether Sue Sylvester
likes it or not.
Hey, baby,
which one of these ties
goes better with my shirt?
- You're blocking
the TV, Will.
- Oh, come on. I need your help.
- School pictures are coming up.
- Oh. Well, in that case, um—
Wear the red one
for the teacher photo and
the green one for the Glee Club.
It'll pop more when
the cool kids deface it.
Yeah. I, uh-
I wanted to talk
to you about that.
So Figgins stopped putting
the Glee Club photo
in the yearbook...
because it always
gets vandalized and-
I just feel so bad for the kids.
I mean, they work so hard.
They deserve to be recognized.
Not being in that book
gives the appearance
that Glee Club isn't important.
[Sighs]
I wanna buy an ad and use it
as the Glee Club photo spread.
It's around $300.
Oh, great.
Why don't you take the food
out of the refrigerator and
just give that to the kids?
Will, that food goes
from my mouth right
into our baby's belly.
We have a couple hundred bucks
left over from selling
the Blue Bomber II.
The answer's
no, Will. No.
But if we—
No. No.
No.
[Sighs]
Actually, can you
wait to cash that
until Thursday?
- [Sighs]
- [School Bell Rings]
♪♪ [Piano]
Kurt, I have a fantastic
idea for a club...
that would officially make me
the most involved student
in the whole school.
I want us to start
a "Gay Lesb All."
I'm sorry?
The Gay Lesbian Alliance.
"Gay Lesb All."
Hey, guys, great news.
Glee Club gets a photo
in the Thunderclap.
- Uh-huh.
- Whoo!
It's gonna show everyone
at the school that Glee Club
is on its way up.
When we win regionals,
those Claps are going
to be collector's items.
All of your classmates
are going to be begging
for your autographs.
[Muttered Affirmations]
But I had
to compromise to do it.
Um, we only get
a quarter page in back,
which means we have
to pick two team captains
to appear in the photo.
So tomorrow we're gonna
put it to a vote.
- Exciting, huh?
All right.
- Yeah!
[School Bell Rings]
Well, we're all here.
I guess we should vote.
With your permission,
I have prepared
a few words.
I nominate Rachel.
Second.
All right, let's vote
up in this piece.
I got to go hit the gym and
load up the "Guns of Puckerone"
for the football picture.
Looks like everybody
voted for Rachel.
Including Rachel.
- But we need
two captains, guys.
- Why two?
We're fine with having
Rachel represent us
in the Thunderclap by herself.
- We'd actually prefer it.
- [School Bell Rings]
The worst part is that after
all this time, they're still
embarrassed to be in Glee Club.
They still
see themselves as losers.
[Sighs] I just need to get
one of them to step up
and become cocaptain.
Well, maybe you should
let them use the captain
they already elected.
You know, sometimes
things sound a lot different
coming from a peer,
even if that peer
is as annoying as Rachel.
[Chuckles]
None of this
is gonna matter
if they win at sectionals.
I'm really sorry
I can't be there.
Yeah, I wanted to talk
to you about that.
I-I kind of think Ken
scheduled your wedding
the same day on purpose,
you know,
so— so you couldn't go.
[Laughs]
Why would he do that?
Come on. We-We both know
how he feels about
our... relationship.
I'm marrying Ken, Will.
Look, I know that I've-
I've definitely given him
reason in the past
to be jealous.
But I need you to know
that I'm done with that now.
Ken has a lot of flaws.
He has 74 flaws
as of yesterday.
But you know what?
He's not vindictive.
He's actually a very good man.
He is kind, and he is great
with the students here
at McKinley.
We have that in common.
And yes, it's true his hygiene
could be a lot better.
But he is absolutely
full of compassion, and-
Well, that is why
I'm marrying him.
You're right.
I was out of line.
It won't
happen again.
[School Bell Rings]
You wanted to see me,
Mr. Schue?
Oh, yeah, Rach.
Sit down.
So, how's the new
captaincy going?
I-I think that my
unanimous election gave me
a very strong mandate...
to shake things up.
Great. Well,
I have a job for you,
Captain.
We need a cocaptain.
But you have
so many great ideas,
no reason you shouldn't
have some help
pushing them through.
I could use
a trusty lieutenant.
I do have
over 65 proposals.
So... can I count on you?
No problem.
I'm on it.
Um, I can't be cocaptain.
No time. Kwanzaa.
Kwanzaa's
late December, Mercedes.
The photo's this Thursday.
Yeah. I'm prepping early
this year.
♪ Well, you might
think I'm crazy ♪
I'd love to be
in the photo, Rachel.
But you'd be standing
and I'd be sitting. It would
throw off the whole composition.
I'll lean over.
But if you lean over,
it'll look like
you have stomach rolls.
♪ But I think
that you're wild ♪♪
On second thought,
I don't think that you're
leadership material, Artie.
Follower.
Brittany, this is
a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity.
No way.
Why not?
I don't wanna be
in a picture with you.
It'll get defaced.
No, it won't.
Yes, it will.
I'll be the one doing it.
I'm desperate.
Glee Club needs you, Finn.
I'm totally honored
you asked me,
but don't you think
you should pick somebody
who cares more?
Not that I don't.
But I just have football
and friends and stuff.
Glee Club
only started working
after you joined.
Face it, we wouldn't have all
of the cheerleaders and
football players in the club...
if it wasn't for you.
You know I love Glee Club.
I just don't know
why I have to represent it.
Because you're
a leader, Finn.
And that's what leaders do.
They stick their necks out
for people that they care about.
There are stakes here.
Morale is low. You know it.
If things don't change,
we're not even gonna
place at sectionals,
and then the club is over.
I can't do this alone.
You don't have to.
I am a leader.
It's who I am,
who I wanna be.
You got yourself
a cocaptain.
I'll do the picture with you.
I totally understand
that as captain
of the football team,
you've worked really hard
to project an appearance
of steely toughness.
But Glee Club
is different.
We have to present
the appearance
of positivity and optimism.
So... we're gonna practice,
and I'm gonna teach you
how to smile correctly
for your photo.
♪♪ [Slow Groove]
♪ When you first left me
I was wanting more ♪
♪ You were kissing
that girl next door ♪
- ♪ What you do that for ♪
♪ When you first left me ♪
[Together]
♪ I didn't know what to say ♪
♪ I've never been
on my own that way ♪
♪ Own that way ♪
- ♪Just sat by myself all day ♪
- ♪ Myself all day ♪
♪ I was so lost back then ♪
♪♪ [Vocalizing]
♪ But with a little help
from my friends ♪
♪ I found the light
in the tunnel at the end ♪
♪ And now you're calling me up
on the phone ♪
♪ So you can have
a little whine
and a moan ♪
♪ And it's only because
you're feeling alone ♪
♪ At first
when I see you cry ♪
♪ When I see you cry ♪
♪ It makes me smile ♪
♪ Yeah, it makes me smile ♪
♪ At worst
I feel bad for a while ♪
♪ But then I just smile ♪
♪ I go ahead and smile ♪
♪ La-la-la, la-la-la
La-la-la, la-la-la ♪
La-la-la ♪
♪ La-la-la, la-la-la ♪
♪ At first
when I see you cry ♪
♪ See you cry ♪
♪ It makes me smile ♪
♪ Makes me smile ♪
♪ Yeah, it makes me smile ♪
- ♪ At worst
I feel bad for a while ♪
- ♪ Feel bad for a while ♪
- ♪ But then I just smile ♪
- ♪ Smile ♪
♪ I go ahead and smile ♪
♪ Go ahead and smile ♪♪
[Giggling]
[Grunts]
What the hell?
Hey, man. Shh.
We're practicing, dude.
Chill out.
We heard you
were gonna be
in the Glee Club photo,
and we don't wanna mess up
messing it up.
Screw you, Karofsky!
I'm sick
of you pulling people down!
Hey, man, don't talk
that kumbayeyah crap.
All right, you know
this system's put in place
to keep order around here.
Hey, you know what?
Look, I'm gonna
give you some options, okay?
You want me to put
the Hitler mustache
on your Glee Club picture,
or do you want
the buck teeth
on your Glee Club picture?
Which one you want? Man, it
don't matter to me either way.
I'll put both of-
Hey, how do you spell "loser"?
I'm gonna write it
on his forehead.
His big ol'
potato head.
You can write
a whole haiku on that thing.
[Chuckling]
[School Bell Rings]
Can we shake a leg here?
Fine.
I'm ready. I'll-
[Exhales]
do it myself.
[Sniffles]
Wait. I-
I insist on only being shot
from my left side.
Yeah, I kind of need
to see your teeth.
It's sort of my job here.
I'm sorry. I'm just-
I'm upset.
My cocaptain bailed,
and it just—
I just need a minute.
[Thinking]
Snap out of this.
Stop being defined by what
other people think of you...
or how they disappoint you.
It's lonely at the top.
You know that.
What's that song
about overcoming professional
and personal disappointments?
Oh, yeah.
♪ When you're smiling ♪
♪ The whole world
smiles with you ♪♪
I'm ready.
Great.
Wait, wait, wait.
That-That's it?
I practiced over 18
different poses for this shoot,
and I haven't even shown you
any of my over-the-left-shoulder
poses, see?
Sorry, kid. I got to blow.
I got a casting session
in half an hour.
A- A casting session
for what?
My brother-in-law
is shooting a commercial
for his store.
I'm directing it.
I just do these
school photos for the money.
- [Crying]
- Uh, wa-wa— Okay.
Wait. No. Don't.
I can take a couple
more pictures for you.
I can cry on demand.
It's one of my many talents.
I'm very versatile.
And aside from nudity
and the exploitation
of animals,
I'll pretty much do anything
to break into the business.
W-Well, you certainly
seem talented and all,
but I-I need-
There's other
speaking parts
in this thing.
I need, like, a bunch
of other actors too.
I can help with that.
I'd like to call
this meeting to order.
Hello, Finn.
How nice of you to show.
Look, I'm sorry.
The guys were harassing me
in the locker room about it.
If I took the Glee Club photo,
they'd make me choose between
a Hitler mustache or buck teeth.
And I can't rock
either of those looks.
[Sighs]
Do you think I have
a potato head?
Look, I realize now
that all of you think
that Glee Club is just a joke.
Okay? And you're convinced
that we can't win,
and you're content
to just sit idle by
until Figgins cancels the club.
Well, I'm about
to present to you
a rare opportunity—
the opportunity
to become... stars.
How?
We've all been cast
in a local commercial.
- [All Gasp]
- Are you serious?
Yes, Finn. And while all of you
have been so concerned with
your appearance in this school,
I've landed Glee Club
its first big break.
Simply put,
making us all celebrities.
Okay, and no one
messes with celebrities
or defaces their pictures.
- What's the commercial?
- Hold on to your hats
and get ready to sell...
some mattresses.
[All Gasp]
Awesome.
I'm gonna get a nice pair
of black suspenders.
- [All Chattering]
- My mom's gonna be
really proud.
Let's do
our camera face.
I can't believe
we're finally
breaking into the biz.
You guys, I want us
to always remember
this moment.
Soon there may be agents
and managers and movie deals.
But right now I want us
to remember what it feels like
to be here together as a team.
Whatever. As soon
as I get my record deal,
I'm not speaking to any of you.
Okay, guys,
we're very excited
to have you here.
We here at Mattress Land
believe...
that mattresses
aren’t just for sleeping
and fornicating anymore.
We believe that buying
an affordable mattress
should be fun.
All right,
let's go over the script.
I think it's pretty brilliant.
I wrote it myself. Action.
[Clears Throat]
Ah, me.
- What's wrong?
- We just lost our jobs...
at the factory.
And we can't get
a good night's sleep.
Chipper up!
Come on down to Mattress Land!
We've got near wholesale prices
to fit your style
and pocketbook.
I'm-I'm sorry.
Mr. Casperberg,
this script is brilliant.
But we're a glee club,
and we should perform.
Perform the lines
as I wrote them.
Wait a minute, Dennis.
What did you have
in mind?
Wait a minute, Dennis.
What did you have
in mind?
♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba
ba-da, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- Ahhhh!
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba-ba
ba-da, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- ♪ I get up ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba ♪
♪ And nothing
gets me down ♪
♪ You got it tough ♪
♪ I've seen
the toughest around ♪
♪ And I know ♪
♪ Baby, just how you feel ♪
♪ You've got to roll
with the punches ♪
♪ To get to what's real ♪
♪ Oh, can't you see me
standing here ♪
♪ I got my back
against the record machine ♪
♪ I ain't the worst
that you seen ♪
♪ Ain't the worst
♪ Oh, can't you see
what I mean ♪
♪ Can't you see what I mean ♪
- ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
- ♪ Might as well jump ♪
- ♪Jump ♪
- Ba, ba, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- ♪ Might as well jump ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- ♪ Go ahead and jump ♪
- ♪Jump ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- ♪ Go ahead and jump ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba-da, da, jump ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Ba ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba ♪
- ♪ Ba-da ♪
- ♪Jump ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Might as well jump ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba-da ♪
♪ Ba-da, ba, ba-da, da ♪
- ♪ Go ahead and jump ♪
- ♪ Hey, hey, yeah ♪
♪ Go ahead and jump ♪
♪ Ba, ba-da, da ♪
♪Jump, jump, jump, jump ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Ba, ba, ba-da, da ♪
♪Jump ♪♪
Come on down
to Mattress Land!
[All]
Come on down to Mattress Land!
Terri, have you seen
my pocket square?
Terri?
[Sighs]
Terri.
A pocket square's gonna
make you look like Ted Knight.
What is this?
It's a pregnancy pad.
They have them
at the maternity stores
for trying on clothes...
so you can see
how you're gonna look
when you're showing.
Kendra stole it for me
so I can see if any of her
old clothes would fit—
Pick up your shirt.
What? No.
You're scaring me, Will.
Now, think about
what you're accusing me of.
Think about it and turn around
and go find your pocket square.
[Gasps]
Please.
[Whimpering]
- [Gasps]
- Why did you do this to us?
I don't understand.
I thought you
were leaving me.
You're so different, Will.
We both know it. I can feel you.
You're pulling away from me.
Because I've started standing up
to you, trying to make this
a relationship of equals?
No, because
of the damn Glee Club.
Ever since you started it,
you just walk around
like you're better than me.
I should be allowed
to feel good about myself.
Who are we kidding, Will?
This marriage works because you
don't feel good about yourself.
This marriage works
because I love you,
because I've always
accepted you.
No.
- Good and bad.
- You love the girl
you met when you were 15.
- I'm not that girl.
- You've made yourself
a stranger to me now.
No.
Are you happy?
Are you satisfied?
It didn't start as a lie.
I really thought
I was pregnant.
And then the doctor,
he said it was
a hysterical pregnancy,
and I just panicked.
[Sobs]
This is insane.
I mean,
wh-what were you gonna do
when the due date came?
Quinn Fabray.
It was so perfect.
She didn't want hers,
and I needed one.
I had the doctor use
her ultrasound DVD...
at your appointment
that you came to.
[Exhales]
I loved you, Terri.
- I really loved you.
- I'm so sorry, Will.
I'm so sorry.
Do you remember
that appointment?
Do you remember what we said?
That at that moment,
no matter what happened,
we loved each other.
We can get
that feeling back again.
You can love me back, Will.
Please, Will.
Please don't go.
Please don't go!
Please!
Oh, God.
[Sighs]
- [Whistle Blows]
- [Sue]
Am I asking for too much,
Ohio Board of Statewide
Holiday Planning?
All I want is just
one day a year...
where I'm not visually
assaulted by uglies and fatties.
Seriously, Ohio,
these retinas need a day off.
So here's the dream.
Friday after Christmas,
which I have off,
if you’re hideous,
stay at home.
Spend the entire day
watching home videos...
of a time when you
weren't too repulsive
for me to ever wanna look at.
At that's how Sue sees it.
[Whistle Blows]
- Rod.
- Slammin', Sue.
We'll be right back.
Hey, Andrea,
that "Sue's Corner"
I just did—
I was talking about you.
♪ Go ahead and jump ♪
[Rachel] Who says
finding a mattress
can't be fun?
At Mattress Land,
we have mattresses
of all shapes and sizes...
at prices that won't
break your pocketbook.
No credit? No problem.
Mattress Land has
a no-hassle financing
of 12.9%...
with no money down
and no payments till next year.
You'll jump for joy
at our prices.
Come on down
to Mattress Land!
- [School Bell Rings]
- Coach Sylvester,
we need to talk.
Oh, I got nothing
to say to you, preggo.
The Cheerios
photo's tomorrow, and I
want back on that squad.
Oh, is that what you want?
Well, what I wanted
was a head cheerleader...
who wasn't going to hoist
her legs behind her ears...
in the back seat
of the first station wagon
she could jimmy open,
throwing away any chance
she ever had in life.
It would be good
for the school—
show everyone
that appearances
don't matter.
Sometimes people
have to deal
with a little adversity.
I learned that
in Glee Club.
Well, that little
educational proverb...
must have slithered
from Will Schuester's mouth...
right after his lesson
on how to disqualify
yourselves from sectionals.
What?
Saw your little
commercial last night.
Boy, did you Glee kids
step in it.
Schue, I'm afraid
Sue is right.
You have indeed
stepped in it.
I didn't even know
this was going on.
Of course you didn't, William.
You wouldn't know
if your Glee Club
was using your office...
to breed rabbits
for pets or for food.
You know why?
You're too busy
chasing tail...
and loading your hair
with enormous amounts
of product.
Today it just looks
like you put lard in it.
What are you even
talking about?
Look— Look, the kids
did the commercial to foster
a feeling of unity...
after you— not anyone else-
you got them banned
from the yearbook.
That's what I did, yes.
It was an innocent mistake.
And what if I were to just
innocently murder you, Will?
I'd still have
to go to trial.
Probably get off
with justifiable homicide.
Let me review
the rules for you.
This is crazy.
Amendment 63,
seventh addendum.
"No professional activity
of any kind
will be tolerated,
"and payment
for services rendered
negates amateur status,
triggering immediate
disqualification."
Hey. Hey.
- Hey, hey, hey.
Keep it civil. Keep it simple.
- Hey what, mister?
Keep it simple.
Hey, I am sorry, Schue,
but I cannot let this slide.
But the kids
weren't even paid.
There's
a stack of mattresses
in the choir room...
piled as high as the empty
hair gel bottles...
in the Dumpster
outside your apartment.
We'll give the mattresses back.
Schue, one of those
mattresses was used.
You can't return
a used mattress.
You can't even
donate one to charity.
Lice. Bedbugs.
I looked it up online.
Is there any reason that
you have a soiled mattress
in your office, Will?
Have you and the redhead
become so sexually
depraved...
that you have to commit
your craven acts of adultery
in between classes?
- Wha—
- I slept-
You know, okay, fine.
I slept here, all right?
Excuse me?
[Sighs]
I'm thinking
about leaving my wife.
Oh, I didn't see
that one coming at all.
William, I am very sorry
about your personal troubles,
but my hands are tied.
Sue's right.
You broke the rules.
I cannot fight
the scholastic board.
I'm sorry,
but Glee Club is over.
It's over.
[Sue Thinking]
Dear Journal,
I've finally gotten
Will Schuester and that
Glee Club out of my hair.
This is a day
that will live in infamy.
Once again, I've won.
Miss Sylvester.
It's like looking
at a porno star
in a nun's habit.
I wanted to show you
that it still fits.
My baby bump isn't that bad.
It's just like I had
a big lunch.
Take it off.
You need to get it through
your pregnant head...
there's no way you're getting
in that photo or back
on the Cheerios— end of story.
You're a hypocrite.
Excuse me?
I just heard that you got
Glee Club's amateur status
revoked over a mattress...
while you are constantly
showering the Cheerios
with swag.
I've gotten free shoes,
complimentary tanning,
haircuts.
The season tickets
to Cedar Point?
We sold those on eBay.
For a profit.
It seems to me
that if Figgins found out,
you would get banned
from competition.
Fine. You're back
on the Cheerios.
I'll put you
on full-time
dry-cleaning duty...
and shove you
to the back of the photo
to hide your shame.
I'm not finished.
Glee Club gets
a full-page photo.
- It's not up to me.
- You are giving up...
one of the Cheerios'
six pages,
and you are giving it
to the Glee Club
free of charge.
You know, Q,
I'd forgotten...
just how ruthless
you really are.
You're like
a young Sue Sylvester.
Now get out of my office...
if you can manage to squeeze
through the door without
your water breaking...
all over my new carpet.
You know what?
I don't think I wanna be
a Cheerio after all.
I don't wanna be on a team
where I only appear to belong.
I'd rather be a part of a club
that's proud to have me,
like Glee Club.
[Sighs]
It's my fault.
If I hadn't slept
on that mattress,
we could have just
returned them and moved on.
Hey, can I give you
some advice?
Please.
You need
to give yourself a break.
[Chuckles]
You do. You'll—
You'll figure out
what to do with the kids.
You always do.
But I think right now
you really need to focus
on your own life.
You know, divorce
is a really big deal.
Who said anything
about getting a divorce?
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
I just assumed that that's-
Is that
what you would do?
Well, um-
[Laughs]
When I first heard
about what Terri had done,
I thought there should be
some sort of law.
But then when I thought
about it some more,
I thought about
what I would have done...
if I'd felt you
slipping away.
You would never
be that cruel.
You know,
her methods were wrong.
But, um,
I totally understand
her intentions.
[Sighs]
You're a lot to lose, Will.
But we don't wanna go
to sectionals without you.
[Sighs]
It's without me
or not at all.
Look, I was the one
who slept on the mattress,
which means
I accepted them, not you.
Which means I'm disqualified
from competition.
- Not you guys.
- He's taking
the bullet for us.
Solid.
[Sighs]
We have worked too hard for
you guys not to get your shot.
We can't do this
without you, Mr. Schue.
- Hell, we probably
can't do it with you.
- That's not true.
You guys are good.
[Chuckles]
You're really good.
Y-Y-You did "Jump"
for that commercial
without me, right?
[Sighs]
Look,
the best teachers
don't give you
the answers.
They just point the way
and let you make
your own choices,
your own mistakes.
That way,
you get all the glory.
And you deserve it.
[Chuckles]
But if-
if you can't win
without me there,
then I haven't done my job.
We're really sorry,
Mr. Schue.
I know.
I want you guys
to go get gussied up...
and take that
Glee Club photo with pride.
I wanna see a smile
on every one of your faces.
♪♪ [Ballad]
♪ Smile ♪
♪ Though your heart is aching ♪
♪ Smile even though
it's breaking ♪
♪ When there are clouds ♪
♪ In the sky ♪
♪ You'll get by ♪
♪ If you smile
through your pain and sorrow ♪
♪ Smile and maybe tomorrow ♪
♪ You'll see the sun
come shining through ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ Light up your face
with gladness ♪
♪ Hide every trace of sadness ♪
♪ Although a tear ♪
♪ May be ever so near ♪
♪ That's the time ♪
♪ You must keep on trying ♪
♪ Smile
What's the use of crying ♪
♪ You'll find that life
is still worthwhile ♪
♪ If you just smile ♪
♪ Smile though your heart
is aching ♪
♪ Smile even though
it's breaking ♪
♪ When there are clouds
in the sky ♪
♪ You'll get by ♪
♪ That's the time ♪
- ♪ You must keep on trying ♪
- ♪ On trying ♪
♪ Smile
What's the use of crying ♪
♪ You'll find that life
is still worthwhile ♪
♪ If you just smile ♪
♪ You'll find that life
is still worthwhile ♪
♪ If you just ♪
♪ Smile ♪
♪ Smile ♪♪
♪♪ [Vocalizing]
♪♪ [Harmonic Vocalizing]
♪♪ [Ends]
English - US - PSDH